Pub update stu1 (#110)
HL7/fhir-ipa: input/pagecontent/StructureDefinition-ipa-medicationstatement-intro.md

{% raw %}
<blockquote class="stu-note">
<p>

> We are proposing to removing MS from stautsReason. Implementer feedback is encouraged.

Reviewer: We are proposing to remove?
We propose to remove?

stautsReason -> statusReason

> We are proposing to removing MS from stautsReason. Implementer feedback is encouraged.

Author: ```suggestion
We propose to remove MS from stautsReason. Implementer feedback is encouraged.

```

> We are proposing to removing MS from stautsReason. Implementer feedback is encouraged.

Author: ```suggestion
We are proposing to removing MS from statusReason. Implementer feedback is encouraged.

```
